Replace PaddlePaddle ResNet50 example with one from the DeepLearningExamples (#5048)
NVIDIA/DALI: docs/examples/use_cases/paddle/resnet50/paddle-resnet50.rst

ResNet Training in PaddlePaddle
===============================

This is a demo showcasing ResNet50 training on ImageNet.
The code is based on `NVIDIA Deep Learning Examples <https://github.com/NVIDIA/DeepLearningExamples/tree/master/PaddlePaddle/Classification/RN50v1.5>`_

Data augmentation
-----------------

This model uses the following data augmentation:

* For training:
  * Normalization
  * Random resized crop to 224x224
    * Scale from 8% to 100%
    * Aspect ratio from 3/4 to 4/3
  * Random horizontal flip
* For inference:
  * Normalization
  * Scale to 256x256

>   * Center crop to 224x224

Reviewer: It looks like the middle tier of the list is not parsed as such.

![image](https://github.com/NVIDIA/DALI/assets/11878086/5437ace2-6210-49fe-98a3-d9b827fea6e5)

Author: Maybe now

Usage
-----

> Before using install the necessary packages from requirements.txt.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before running the example install the necessary packages from requirements.txt.
```
or simply
```suggestion
Install the necessary packages from requirements.txt before use.
```

Author: Done
